1.LIGHT AND WONDER

we build new worlds of play


Bachelors degree in related field.
Years of experience 0 to 2 years
Develop, customize, and maintain Applications using Java
Strong understand and experience in cloud native applications
Object Oriented Design and Design Patterns
Experience building cloud native apps at the enterprise level for scale
Experience in leading a team with good technical skills on above mentioned technologies Mentor team on engineering best practices
Experience in developing application which utilise messaging extensively

2.PERSISTENT

 Digital Engineering | Enterprise Modernization Services

Candidates should be sound in technical knowledge.
Aspirants must know basic computer knowledge.
People should have at least two certified courses in Java, Oracle, Html, CSS, etc
Should have a 65% minimum of their education.
Passion for working on the project.
Must be good in communication skills.
Time management should be there during their project work.
Self-learning should be there for the people.
Able to do their work as well as their work.

3.CYBAGE


Delivering Value. Scientifically

Candidates should possess a Bachelor’s degree in Computers or any engineering field, Or closely related and specific IT field is perfectly eligible to apply for Cybage Recruitment.
Knowledge of the Adobe Experience Manager administration activities such as User permissions/ creations with LDAP synchronization, sling setting status, creation of audit reports, dispatcher setup, code and configuration management, and others.
Strong experience in troubleshooting AEM administration-related issues.
Work with developers to identify issues and solve problems.
Possessing negotiation skills will be added benefit to the candidates.
Excellent knowledge of automating deployment and management of AEM services.
Must have Java Development experience.
Experience with Linux server environments.


4.FLIPKART


If it’s trendy, it’s on Flipkart



   An applicant must have a bachelor's degree in any of the following fields: B.Tech, B.E, M.Tech, M.E, BCA, B.Sc, M.Sc, MCA (for engineering positions) and MBA (for management positions) from a reputed institute to apply for an interview at Flipkart.

   A candidate's GPA in 10th, 12th, and graduation should be at least 60% or 6.5.

1) Proven experience in statistical analysis, predictive modeling, and forecasting 
2) Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and provide actionable insights. 
3) Demonstrated success in project management and program development. 
4) Go-getter attitude with the ability to work independently as well as part of a team. 
5) Excellent communication, Presentation, and interpersonal skills


